Tony Kaizen:
Americans are so dumb.
Americans are so uneducated. Americans are so arrogant.
Americans think they're the center of the universe and
everything revolves around them. Why don't Americans know
where Kazakhstan is? Why don't Americans know that
Brazilians don't speak Spanish? Why don't Americans know
what's going on outside of the U.S.? And why the fuck do
Americans call themselves Americans when we're all
Americans? I've been hearing comments and questions like
these on a regular basis since I started teaching English
back in 2018. So many people harbor so much anger, disdain,
and resentment for America. They resent Americans for acting
like the U.S. as the most important country on the planet.
Now, what I find most interesting, though, is that 99% of
the time, when an American shows that he or she doesn't know
something about a foreign country or that they simply have a
misconception about another country, people from other
countries choose to get angry, judgmental, and
condescending, as if they don't have any misconceptions
about countries they've never been to. "Look at that fucking
stupid American. He thinks we all live in the dirt and don't
have electricity? Arrogant piece of shit American. She
thinks her language is difficult? Try learning French,
asshole!" Now I understand, people are extremely sensitive,
especially these days. Many of us live in a clickbait,
headline-reading, "speak before you think" type of world. So
when someone sees something they don't like or agree with,
their natural reaction is to get offended and tell the world
what they're thinking in the comment section of a complete
stranger's video. I don't condone this type of behavior, but
I understand it. But what you have to understand about the
United States of America is that most people in this country
do not give a single fuck about you, your country, your
language, or the resentment in your heart. This isn't
because we think other countries are less important or
inferior. It's because we're simply not exposed to life
outside the U.S. And I say we for the sake of simplicity,
this is, of course, just my opinion. I do not and I cannot
speak for all 330 million Americans.
So, let's continue. Let's talk about public school. In the
U.S.
in my experience, in public school, we're taught about
things like how to read and write in English, literature,
algebra, geometry, calculus, sciences like biology and
chemistry, physical education like sports and fitness, the
robotic basics of a foreign language, and something called
social studies, which covers history and geography. But
here's the thing - we're taught about the history and the
geography of the United States of America. Not Brazil, not
Russia, not Vietnam. not Tanzania, not Scotland. The United
States of America. That's why Americans don't really know
which languages people speak in Eritrea. That's why
Americans don't know that Turkey is a very interesting place
because it's technically both an Asian and a European
country. That's why Americans think that everyone who speaks
Spanish is Mexican. That's why Americans don't know what
life outside the U.S. is really like. It's because the only
exposure we get to life outside of our country is one of
those commercials with sad music and a starving kid sitting
in the dirt somewhere in Africa trying to convince you that
donating just $0.35 a day will feed that starving child.
That's why even today, people think that's what life is like
for everybody in Africa. And even though we've got people
from all over the world living and working here, most
Americans don't know anything about different languages and
cultures. And in my opinion, that's because although the
U.S. is an incredibly diverse country, ethnically speaking,
we're still very divided in many ways. It's hard to
generalize, but many people here tend to hang out with
people they identify with. And due to the history of this
country, people tend to identify with people that look and
sound like them. And maybe that's human nature. But if
that's the case, I think the history of segregation in this
country exacerbated that problem and created a lot of
barriers that keep us from understanding and appreciating
people and cultures different from our own. So think about
it. If from the time you're born, you're taught to stick
with your own; if you grow up in a neighborhood that isn't
multicultural, and you're taught that everyone or anyone who
doesn't look or sound like you is the enemy, then you
probably wouldn't ever feel motivated to get to know someone
of a different ethnic or cultural background. You probably
would take whatever you see on TV and use that as a
representation of the people you know nothing about and
you've never even interacted with. And to take it a step
further, you'd be looking through the lens of your
misconceptions when trying to interpret the behavior of
those people, only further reinforcing the ignorant
misconceptions you have. And let me remind you, everyone
does that, not just Americans.
We're all emotional creatures with faulty logic that just
want to feel like we understand things and that we're in
control. But getting back to the Americans, these stupid,
ungrateful, arrogant, racist pieces of shit. Many Americans
don't know much about other countries because we're never
really encouraged to. Most Americans don't travel
internationally. Most Americans don't speak more than one
language, right? Most Americans are uneducated about all
kinds of things like finance, tax laws, investments, the
judicial system, politics, health care, business,
psychology. I mean, the list goes on and on. Many of us
don't know shit about our own country, so it would be
unreasonable to expect us to know something about any other
country. From the time we were little kids until the day we
die, we're being told that America is the greatest country
on the planet. We're taught to be proud to be Americans.
Lee Greenwood (God Bless the USA song plays):
If tomorrow all the things were gone, I'd worked for all my
life. And I had to start again, with
just my children and my wife. I'd thank my lucky stars to be
living here today.
'Cause the flag still stands for freedom and they can't take
that away.
And I'm proud to be an American where at least I know I'm
free.
And I won't forget the men who died, who gave that right to
me.
And I gladly stand up, next to you and defend her still
today.
'Cause there ain't no doubt I love this land, God bless the
USA.
Tony Kaizen:
We are always consuming America. Where is Hollywood - the
heart of the film industry? In the United States of America.
Where's the heart of the mainstream music industry? In the
United States of America. What do we see on the news? Shit
that's happening in the United States of America. What books
are most of us reading? Books written in English by people
from the United States of America. To what flag are we
expected to pledge allegiance every single morning before
school starts? The flag of the United States of America. I
genuinely do not believe that most Americans harbor hatred
for people from other countries or they think they're
inferior in some way. I think most Americans don't know and
have no reason to care about people from other countries.
It's hard to care about something if you don't know it
exists. The same way I imagine a gorilla born in captivity
doesn't dream of a rainforest in the Congo. I mean, how
could it dream about or want to get to a place if it doesn't
know it exists? And maybe that doesn't make sense. My point
is, if you're born in this box and all you've known since
the day you were born is that box, and everybody in the box
is telling you this is the greatest box to ever exist, this
is the only box that exists, I doubt you would spend your
days dreaming about another box if you'd never even had any
idea or a clue or indication that there are hundreds of
boxes that you could explore and get to know.
You know, I just can't see how you would naturally think
about all those other boxes. You just...you don't know they
exist. Right?
Hopefully that makes sense. Now, another topic of discussion
that's really starting to get old is the idea that people
from the U.S. shouldn't refer to themselves as Americans
because America is a continent. So everyone from Canada all
the way down to Argentina is an American. But let me make
this clear for anyone who holds this opinion, we call
ourselves Americans because the name of our country is the
United States of America. That's literally the reason. So my
question to you would be what should we call ourselves if
not "Americans"? And the answer I always get is something
like "United Stadians". That sounds extremely awkward and it
also doesn't really make much sense. And, you know, I
recently learned that the official name of Mexico is Los
Estados Unidos Mexicanos or the United Mexican States. And
what do people from Mexico call themselves? Mexicanos,
right?
They don't refer to themselves as Estado Mexicanos. Now,
Mexico is a part of North America. But Mexicans aren't North
Americans, right?
They're Latin Americans. And by the way, what do most people
in Latin America call people from the U.S.? Los Americanos.
Us Americanos, right?
The only people out here using the word estado-unidense are
people who don't appreciate the fact that we call ourselves
Americans. Now, don't get me wrong, I know and understand
that the word estado-unidense is the correct word to use in
Spanish or Portuguese, but that word simply doesn't exist in
English. It's nothing personal, bro. I promise. The ironic
thing about all of this is that people complain about
Americans being uneducated and ignorant all the time and
then they arrogantly talk down on Americans whenever we say
something out of ignorance. It's as if some people really
think that they know everything there is to know about the
US and its people, and Americans have no clue what's going
on in other countries. And that somehow makes them better
than Americans. But I'd like to put things in perspective
and remind you that just because you watch the news and see
things about our country on social media doesn't mean that
you know something about that country. If you haven't been
there and talked to hundreds of people, thousands of people
from different walks of life, then you really don't know
anything. You simply know what you've heard. It's as if some
people are upset because the entire world has its eyes on
the U.S. for one reason or another. And they're upset
because no one is paying attention to them. The whole thing
to me is just a little irrational. But what's my point here?
My point is the remedy to ignorance is education, not
arrogance. The idea that you can get mad and disrespect an
individual simply because he or she doesn't know something
is pretty fucking childish and counterproductive, if you ask
me. If you really cared about cultural understanding and
education, you would take the time to educate people when
they say something ignorant. You wouldn't respond with
anger, resentment, and negativity because those things only
generate more anger, resentment, and negativity. I guess
what I have a hard time understanding is how you could be
offended by a question.
I have a hard time understanding how you could be offended
by someone's opinion. I have a hard time understanding how
you could be offended by someone's ignorance. Like, just
stop and imagine for a minute - if your parents or your
teachers got mad and disrespectful with you every time you
didn't know something that they knew, it'd be pretty fucking
ridiculous, right? So why is it that so many people choose
to react that way to Americans? Actually, it's not even that
- people react that way to anyone they see as different.
Anyone who has an opposing opinion or an alternative
lifestyle. Everyone is so quick to judge, condescend, talk
shit, criticize, ridicule, embarrass and
cancel anyone who lives or thinks differently from them.
This has to stop. Instead of arrogance, choose
humility. Instead of resentment, choose calmness.
Instead of judgment, choose curiosity. And instead of
ignorance, choose education.
Peace!